docs: Use serverpod start in provider docs (#591)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/06-concepts/11-authentication/04-providers/06-firebase/05-troubleshooting.md

- [ ] Confirm the `project_id` inside `firebaseServiceAccountKey` matches the Firebase project the client is using.
- [ ] Add `FirebaseIdpConfigFromPasswords()` to `identityProviderBuilders` in `server.dart`.
- [ ] Create a `FirebaseIdpEndpoint` file in `lib/src/auth/` extending `FirebaseIdpBaseEndpoint`.

> - [ ] Run **`serverpod generate`**, then **`serverpod create-migration`**, then start the server with `serverpod start`.

Reviewer: Following up on @Swiftaxe earlier note: Google, Apple, and GitHub were all fully converted to `serverpod start`, but Firebase still has the explicit `serverpod generate` + `serverpod create-migration` chain. If `serverpod start` handles those (as the rest of the PR assumes), Firebase should match.

```suggestion
- [ ] Start the server with `serverpod start`.
```

Author: serverpod start doesn't auto-create migrations, you press M to create and A to apply in the TUI. updated all the checklists to that

1. **Missing service account key:** The `firebaseServiceAccountKey` is not present in `passwords.yaml`, or the JSON is invalid.
2. **Missing endpoint:** You did not create the endpoint class extending `FirebaseIdpBaseEndpoint`. Without it, the client has no endpoint to call.

> 3. **Missing migration:** The provider's database tables don't exist yet. Start the server with `serverpod start`.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Starting the server won't create the missing migration, so this doesn't fix the stated problem. It also contradicts the Cause/Resolution block higher in this same file, which this PR correctly updates to press **M** then **A**.

```suggestion
3. **Missing migration:** The provider's database tables don't exist yet. In the `serverpod start` terminal, press **M** to create the migration, then **A** to apply it.
```
